# Lightning Network Wallet ⚡

* A development environment for Alloy's lightning wallet
* Currently in Testnet mode

# Requirements 🔧

* [Docker installed](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [docker-compose installed](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* python3 installed
* pip installed: `sudo apt-get install python3-pip` on Linux
* vitualenv installed: `sudo pip3 install virtualenv` on Linux
* libsecp256k1 (`sudo apt-get install libsecp256k1-0` or https://github.com/cuber/homebrew-libsecp256k1 on mac)

# To run the docker images:

* `./build-docker-images.sh`
* `sudo docker-compose up`
* go to [`localhost`](http:/localhost) to see lightningd helper apps

# For running the Flask app:

* It is recommended to run the Flask app in a virtual environment
* `virtualenv venv`
* `source venv/bin/activate`
* `python3.8 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
* `python app.py` 

# To stop:

* ctrl-c to stop Flask then `deactivate` to deactivate the venv


# Endpoints:

* `/new_address` returns an html page showing a generated bitcoin address
* `/ln_invoice` returns an html page for creating LN invoices
* `/send` returns an html page for sending onchain
* `/pay_invoice` returns an html page for paying LN invoices
* `/pay/<bolt11>` pays a bolt11 invoice and returns an html page of the result
* `/list_txs` returns an html page of of all onchain history
* `/invoices` returns an html page of the status of all paid bolt11 invoices
* `/status/<bolt11>` returns an html page of the status of a specific bolt11 invoice payment
* `/channel_opener` returns an html page for opening LN channels
* `/open_channel/<node_id>/<amount>` opens a LN channel with node_id
* `/list_peers` html page that shows the status of a channel, connection to peer, and short channel id. Close connection
* `/node_connector` connecting to another node for syncing the channel graph. Needs to be done before opening channel 


# Nodes:
`mainnet node 1ml.com`: 0217890e3aad8d35bc054f43acc00084b25229ecff0ab68debd82883ad65ee8266@23.237.77.11:9735

`testnet node 1ml.com`: 02312627fdf07fbdd7e5ddb136611bdde9b00d26821d14d94891395452f67af248@23.237.77.12:9735

# clightning_bitcoin plugins:
Any new plugins must be added to the Dockerfile.
`ie. COPY ./rebalance.py /etc/bundledplugins/`
The above will automatically enable the plugin. 
To delete the plugin, comment the COPY line in the Dockerfile.

# Graph sync
To add the channels, you need to connect to node. I've added 1ml.com node. This is triggered by visiting the index.html page for the app.

# IMPORTANT NOTES:
To put some bitcoin to the on-chain wallet:
I've had some troubles with this. I could send bitcoin to the on-chain wallet address generated by the following:
- lightning-cli
- webgui(Generate address)
- spark wallet
None of the above would receive the bitcoin. Bitcoin explorer shows that its been sent and received but its not showing in the app.

The only way I could make this appear is to first do the following 

bitcoind container:
- create a new wallet and make sure it loads up on restart via cli.
  bitcoin-cli -testnet -rpcuser=rpcuser -rpcpassword=rpcpass help createwallet 
  bitcoin-cli -testnet -rpcuser=rpcuser -rpcpassword=rpcpass createwallet node_wallet false false "password" false false true 
- create a new address with the new wallet via cli.
  bitcoin-cli -testnet -rpcuser=rpcuser -rpcpassword=rpcpass -rpcwallet=node_wallet getnewaddress
- send a very small amount to the new address. ### not entirely sure if this one is needed. This will not appear in index.html

clightning_bitcoin container:
- generate a new wallet via cli.
  lightning-cli --testnet  --conf=/root/.lightning/config --rpc-file=/root/.lightning/lightning-rpc newaddr
- send very small amount to test to make sure that it would show up in the index.html after its confirmed.
  lightning-cli --testnet  --conf=/root/.lightning/config --rpc-file=/root/.lightning/lightning-rpc listfunds
When this shows as confirmed, it would then appear in the balance(app).

# Node.js Script

* Browserify + Node.js is being used to package a node script for decoding PSBT amounts to be shown on SweetAlert notfications for PSBT endpoints
* The browserified script is kept in static/assets/js/psbt-amount-browserified.js
* To update the script, first, if the node_modules/ folder is not present, run `npm i` in the base directory of the project, then run `browserify psbt-amount.js --s getUnsignedPSBTAmount -o static/assets/js/psbt-amount-browserified.js` after making changes to `getUnsignedPSBTAmount` in `psbt-amount.js`
* After importing the script `psbt-amount-browserified.js` using the `<script>` tag in your chosen jinja template, the function can be called by invoking `getUnsignedPSBTAmount.getUnsignedPSBTAmount(psbtString);`
